# daicchain Chain Information

Contents

* [Status](#status)
* [Chain Data](#chain-data)

## Status

* Timeline
  * 2022-12-09: Spawn time: `2022-12-09T12:00:00.000000000Z`
  * 2022-12-09: Proposal 20 voting period ends
  * 2022-12-06: Proposal 20 goes into voting period
  * 2022-12-06: Genesis file without CCV state is generated

`dchain` will launch as a consumer chain through a governance proposal in the `provider` chain. Read the [Consumer Chain Start Process](/docs/Consumer-Chain-Start-Process.md) page for more details about the workflow.

The following items will be included in the proposal:
* Genesis file hash
  * The SHA256 is used to verify against the genesis file that the proposer has made available for review.
  * This "fresh" genesis file cannot be used to run the chain: it must be updated with the CCV states after the spawn time is reached.
* Binary hash
* Spawn time
  * Even if the proposal passes, the CCV states will not be available from the provider chain until after the spawn time is reached.

## Chain Data

### Binary

The binary published in this repo is the `dchaind` binary built using the `DAICers/dchaind-ics` repo tag [v0.1.0](https://github.com/DAICers/dchain-ics/releases/tag/v0.1.0). You can generate the binary following the [Get Started section](https://github.com/DAICers/dchain-ics/tree/v0.1.0#get-started). 

### Verify Binary Checksum.
Binary checksums can differ based on many things to include go, libc, and make versions. To get a consistent checksum you can use something like docker to verify.

  * [Linux amd64 build](dchaind)
  * Version: `v0.1.0`
  * SHA256: `c069fe4c5b730eb68e0eec4f0205a8d5be75eafddb24bb764892d8af54efbf74`


  ```
  # run inside docker container.
  git clone https://github.com/DAICers/dchain-ics
  cd dchain-ics
  git fetch
  git checkout v0.1.0
  make install
  sha256sum ~/go/bin/dchaind
  ```
  expected return `c069fe4c5b730eb68e0eec4f0205a8d5be75eafddb24bb764892d8af54efbf74`

### Genesis file

**The genesis file for Interchain Security consumer chains must include the CCV (Cross Chain Validation) state generated by the provider chain _after_ the spawn time is reached.**

Final genesis file **with CCV state**: **`pending spawn time`**
- SHA256: `pending spawn time`
- Validators must replace their `config/genesis.json` file with this one before running the binary.

The genesis file with was generated using the following settings:

* Chain ID: `dchain`
* Denom: `data`
* Signed blocks window: `"8640"`
* Genesis accounts were added to provide funds for a faucet and a relayer that will be run by the testnet coordinators.
* Genesis file **without CCV state**: [`daicchain-fresh-genesis.json`](daicchain-fresh-genesis.json), SHA256: `83d3d8f4805ec93b1b9fad79272e5b14eaef3c3d7f796f92a82b5e34782848c5`
  * **This is provided only for verification, this is not the genesis file validators should be running their nodes with.**

## Endpoints

* **p2p persistent peers : `70abe136deb70cc890bc6a09f26deeee7802d7c0@162.55.246.217:26726`**
* These peers represent the `daic` validator. We are accepting `250` inbound peeers, but please consider sharing your peers in discord, or create a PR to [`peers.txt`](peers.txt)

* Please keep in mind that any validator that does not come online after 67% of the voting power is up and running, is likely to be slashed for downtime, potentially resulting in being jailed (the `signed_blocks_window` parameter is set to `8640`).

## Join via Bash Script

On the node machine:
- Copy the `node_key.json` and `priv_validator_key.json` files for your validator.
  - **These should be the same ones as the ones from your provider node**.
- Run one of the following scripts:
  - daicchain service: [daicchain-init.sh](daicchain-init.sh)
  - Cosmovisor service: [daicchain-init-cv.sh](daicchain-init-cv.sh)
- Wait until the spawn time is reached and the genesis file with the CCV states is available.
- Overwrite the genesis file with the one that includes the CCV states.
  - The default location is `$HOME/.daicchain/config/genesis.json`.
- Enable and start the service:
  - daicchain
    ```
    sudo systemctl enable daicchain
    sudo systemctl start daicchain
    ```
  - Cosmovisor
    ```
    sudo systemctl enable cv-daicchain
    sudo systemctl start cv-daicchain
    ```
- To follow the log, use:
  - daicchain: `journalctl -fu daicchain`
  - Cosmovisor: `journalctl -fu cv-daicchain`
- If the log does not show up right away, run `systemctl restart systemd-journald`.
